Correct OR REPLACE description (#2922)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jet: site/docs/sql/ddl.md

[ OPTIONS ( 'option_name' = 'option_value' [, ...] ) ]
```

> - `OR REPLACE`: if the mapping already exists, overwrite it; otherwise,
>   create one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OR REPLACE`: if the mapping already exists, overwrite it instead
  of failing
```
